.TH "convolve.c" 3 "23 Dec 2003" "imcat" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
convolve.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <math.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <limits.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include '../imlib/fits.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include '../utils/error.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include '../utils/arrays.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include '../fftlib/myfft.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBusage\fP   '\\n\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP\\NAME\\\fBn\fP\\	convolve --- convolve one \fBfits\fP file with another\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\SYNOPSIS\\\fBn\fP\\	convolve [\fBoptions\fP...] target.\fBfits\fP psf.\fBfits\fP\\\fBn\fP\\		-f	# psf.\fBfits\fP contains fft\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBn\fP	# normalise psf\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBm\fP mval	# substitute value for magic target pixels (0.0)\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBd\fP	# don'\fBt\fP fix magic pixels\\\fBn\fP\\		-o	# psf origin at 0,0.\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\DESCRIPTION\\\fBn\fP\\	'Convolve' convolves target file 'target.\fBfits\fP' with \fBa\fP\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBpoint\fP spread function 'psf.\fBfits\fP'.  Unlike 'acf -\fBc\fP', the\\\fBn\fP\\	two input files need not have the same dimensions (and\\\fBn\fP\\	will typically be used with \fBa\fP relatively small psf image)\\\fBn\fP\\	but should have the same \fBpixel\fP scale. If the two images\\\fBn\fP\\	have the same size then 'acf -\fBc\fP' is more efficient.\\\fBn\fP\\	By default 'convolve' expects the psf to be \fBa\fP \fBM1\fP * \fBM2\fP \fBreal\fP-space\\\fBn\fP\\	image with spatial origin at \fBM1\fP / 2, \fBM2\fP / 2; use '-o' option\\\fBn\fP\\	if the origin is 0, 0. Use -f option to interpret 'psf.\fBfits\fP' as\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBa\fP fourier \fBtransform\fP of the psf (in format generated by\\\fBn\fP\\	'fft'). The output image has the same dimensions and\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBtype\fP as the input image.\\\fBn\fP\\	WARNING - THIS DOES NOT REALLY WORK PROPERLY - TO BE FIXED.\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\AUTHOR\\\fBn\fP\\	Nick Kaiser:  kaiser@cita.utoronto.ca\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPI\fP   M_PI"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBrfunc\fP (float kx, float ky)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBifunc\fP (float kx, float ky)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmain\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "float ** \fBpsffft\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBM1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBM2\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define PI   M_PI"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file convolve.c.
.SS "#define \fBusage\fP   '\\n\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP\\NAME\\\fBn\fP\\	convolve --- convolve one \fBfits\fP file with another\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\SYNOPSIS\\\fBn\fP\\	convolve [\fBoptions\fP...] target.\fBfits\fP psf.\fBfits\fP\\\fBn\fP\\		-f	# psf.\fBfits\fP contains fft\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBn\fP	# normalise psf\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBm\fP mval	# substitute value for magic target pixels (0.0)\\\fBn\fP\\		-\fBd\fP	# don'\fBt\fP fix magic pixels\\\fBn\fP\\		-o	# psf origin at 0,0.\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\DESCRIPTION\\\fBn\fP\\	'Convolve' convolves target file 'target.\fBfits\fP' with \fBa\fP\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBpoint\fP spread function 'psf.\fBfits\fP'.  Unlike 'acf -\fBc\fP', the\\\fBn\fP\\	two input files need not have the same dimensions (and\\\fBn\fP\\	will typically be used with \fBa\fP relatively small psf image)\\\fBn\fP\\	but should have the same \fBpixel\fP scale. If the two images\\\fBn\fP\\	have the same size then 'acf -\fBc\fP' is more efficient.\\\fBn\fP\\	By default 'convolve' expects the psf to be \fBa\fP \fBM1\fP * \fBM2\fP \fBreal\fP-space\\\fBn\fP\\	image with spatial origin at \fBM1\fP / 2, \fBM2\fP / 2; use '-o' option\\\fBn\fP\\	if the origin is 0, 0. Use -f option to interpret 'psf.\fBfits\fP' as\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBa\fP fourier \fBtransform\fP of the psf (in format generated by\\\fBn\fP\\	'fft'). The output image has the same dimensions and\\\fBn\fP\\	\fBtype\fP as the input image.\\\fBn\fP\\	WARNING - THIS DOES NOT REALLY WORK PROPERLY - TO BE FIXED.\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\AUTHOR\\\fBn\fP\\	Nick Kaiser:  kaiser@cita.utoronto.ca\\\fBn\fP\\\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP\\\fBn\fP'"
.PP
Definition at line 1 of file convolve.c.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "float ifunc (float kx, float ky)"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file convolve.c.
.PP
References ix, M1, M2, PI, and psffft.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "main (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file convolve.c.
.PP
References add_comment(), alloc_fft(), allocFloatArray(), cfilter(), cycleimage(), error_exit, exit(), f, fft_type, forward_fft(), get_fft(), ifunc(), inverse_fft(), M1, M2, N1, N2, psffft, read2Dfloatimage(), rfunc(), substitute(), usage, write2Dfloatimage(), x, and y.
.SS "float rfunc (float kx, float ky)"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file convolve.c.
.PP
References ix, M1, M2, PI, and psffft.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBM1\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file convolve.c.
.SS "int \fBM2\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file convolve.c.
.SS "float** \fBpsffft\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file convolve.c.
.PP
Referenced by ifunc(), main(), and rfunc().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for imcat from the source code.
